When you start the activities, they will follow the same order as this lesson.
First, you do a warm-up: Staff will say examples: holiday photo, Documents, CV, shopping folder.
You decide file or folder.
Then you answer quick checks, so we know the key words make sense.
Next, you practise the real computer skill: Open File Explorer and visit Desktop, Documents and Downloads.
Keep returning to Documents as the main place.
You may also type a short answer, for example: Type the folder we look in first for saved work.
At the end, you finish with a stretch or reflection: Use a safe test file.
Staff supports you to place it inside the new folder.
Take one activity at a time.
If you need help, ask staff, then try the next step yourself.